Export Sector Status (#1220)
filecoin-project/FIPs: FIPS/fip-draft-sector-live-method.md

Adding view methods to the builtin miner actor does not have any implications for filecoin's L1 security model.

This FIP is ensuring a security model for FEVM user contracts.  It must be the case that 
1) all live sectors can be validated as live 
2) no sectors that are not live can be validated as live

These conditions are satisfied by the invariants governing the `sectors` and `terminated` bitfields in the miner actors `Partition` state object.  All live sectors satisfy:
a) sector number recorded in the `sectors` bitfield of some `Partition`
b) sector number NOT recorded in the `terminated` bitfield of the same `Partition`

> Furthermore the separation of the search for the partition and deadline index into the offchain call `generate_sector_status_info` ensures that gas costs and miner state size have no impact on a user's ability to make this call.  Hence there is no provide practical denial of service to make the call and condition (1) is satisfied both in principle and in practice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore the separation of the search for the partition and deadline index into the offchain call `generate_sector_status_info` ensures that gas costs and miner state size have no impact on a user's ability to make this call.  Hence there is no denial of service vector and condition (1) is satisfied both in principle and in practice.
```

This sentence is broken in at least two ways -- I'm not sure if this is what was meant, so feel free to ignore the suggestion and rewrite as you wish.
